---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "metronome_v1_customer_alert Data Source - metronome"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# metronome_v1_customer_alert (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "metronome_v1_customer_alert" "example_v1_customer_alert" {
  alert_id = "8deed800-1b7a-495d-a207-6c52bac54dc9"
  customer_id = "9b85c1c1-5238-4f2a-a409-61412905e1e1"
  plans_or_contracts = "PLANS"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alert_id` (String) The Metronome ID of the alert
- `customer_id` (String) The Metronome ID of the customer

### Optional

- `plans_or_contracts` (String) When parallel alerts are enabled during migration, this flag denotes whether to fetch alerts for plans or contracts.
Available values: "PLANS", "CONTRACTS".

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `alert` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--alert))
- `customer_status` (String) The status of the customer alert. If the alert is archived, null will be returned.
Available values: "ok", "in_alarm", "evaluating".
- `triggered_by` (String) If present, indicates the reason the alert was triggered.

<a id="nestedatt--data--alert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.alert`

Read-Only:

- `credit_grant_type_filters` (List of String) An array of strings, representing a way to filter the credit grant this alert applies to, by looking at the credit_grant_type field on the credit grant. This field is only defined for CreditPercentage and CreditBalance alerts
- `credit_type` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--alert--credit_type))
- `custom_field_filters` (Attributes List) A list of custom field filters for alert types that support advanced filtering (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--alert--custom_field_filters))
- `group_key_filter` (Attributes) Scopes alert evaluation to a specific presentation group key on individual line items. Only present for spend alerts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--alert--group_key_filter))
- `id` (String) the Metronome ID of the alert
- `invoice_types_filter` (List of String) Only supported for invoice_total_reached alerts. A list of invoice types to evaluate.
- `name` (String) Name of the alert
- `status` (String) Status of the alert
Available values: "enabled", "archived", "disabled".
- `threshold` (Number) Threshold value of the alert policy
- `type` (String) Type of the alert
Available values: "low_credit_balance_reached", "spend_threshold_reached", "monthly_invoice_total_spend_threshold_reached", "low_remaining_days_in_plan_reached", "low_remaining_credit_percentage_reached", "usage_threshold_reached", "low_remaining_days_for_commit_segment_reached", "low_remaining_commit_balance_reached", "low_remaining_commit_percentage_reached", "low_remaining_days_for_contract_credit_segment_reached", "low_remaining_contract_credit_balance_reached", "low_remaining_contract_credit_percentage_reached", "low_remaining_contract_credit_and_commit_balance_reached", "invoice_total_reached".
- `uniqueness_key` (String) Prevents the creation of duplicates. If a request to create a record is made with a previously used uniqueness key, a new record will not be created and the request will fail with a 409 error.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp for when the alert was last updated

<a id="nestedatt--data--alert--credit_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.alert.credit_type`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--data--alert--custom_field_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.alert.custom_field_filters`

Read-Only:

- `entity` (String) Available values: "Contract", "Commit", "ContractCredit".
- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--data--alert--group_key_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.alert.group_key_filter`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
