---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "metronome_v1_contract_rate_card_rates Data Source - metronome"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# metronome_v1_contract_rate_card_rates (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "metronome_v1_contract_rate_card_rates" "example_v1_contract_rate_card_rates" {
  at = "2024-01-01T00:00:00.000Z"
  rate_card_id = "f3d51ae8-f283-44e1-9933-a3cf9ad7a6fe"
  selectors = [{
    billing_frequency = "MONTHLY"
    partial_pricing_group_values = {
      region = "us-west-2"
      cloud = "aws"
    }
    pricing_group_values = {
      foo = "string"
    }
    product_id = "d6300dbb-882e-4d2d-8dec-5125d16b65d0"
    product_tags = ["string"]
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `at` (String) inclusive starting point for the rates schedule
- `rate_card_id` (String) ID of the rate card to get the schedule for

### Optional

- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `selectors` (Attributes List) List of rate selectors, rates matching ANY of the selector will be included in the response Passing no selectors will result in all rates being returned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--selectors))

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `selectors`

Optional:

- `billing_frequency` (String) Subscription rates matching the billing frequency will be included in the response.
Available values: "MONTHLY", "QUARTERLY", "ANNUAL", "WEEKLY".
- `partial_pricing_group_values` (Map of String) List of pricing group key value pairs, rates containing the matching key / value pairs will be included in the response.
- `pricing_group_values` (Map of String) List of pricing group key value pairs, rates matching all of the key / value pairs will be included in the response.
- `product_id` (String) Rates matching the product id will be included in the response.
- `product_tags` (List of String) List of product tags, rates matching any of the tags will be included in the response.


<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `billing_frequency` (String) Available values: "MONTHLY", "QUARTERLY", "ANNUAL", "WEEKLY".
- `commit_rate` (Attributes) A distinct rate on the rate card. You can choose to use this rate rather than list rate when consuming a credit or commit. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--commit_rate))
- `ending_before` (String)
- `entitled` (Boolean)
- `pricing_group_values` (Map of String)
- `product_custom_fields` (Map of String)
- `product_id` (String)
- `product_name` (String)
- `product_tags` (List of String)
- `rate` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--rate))
- `starting_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items--commit_rate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.commit_rate`

Read-Only:

- `price` (Number) Commit rate price. For FLAT rate_type, this must be >=0.
- `rate_type` (String) Available values: "FLAT", "PERCENTAGE", "SUBSCRIPTION", "TIERED", "CUSTOM".
- `tiers` (Attributes List) Only set for TIERED rate_type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--commit_rate--tiers))

<a id="nestedatt--items--commit_rate--tiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.commit_rate.tiers`

Read-Only:

- `price` (Number)
- `size` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--items--rate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.rate`

Read-Only:

- `credit_type` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--rate--credit_type))
- `custom_rate` (Map of String) Only set for CUSTOM rate_type. This field is interpreted by custom rate processors.
- `is_prorated` (Boolean) Default proration configuration. Only valid for SUBSCRIPTION rate_type. Must be set to true.
- `price` (Number) Default price. For FLAT rate_type, this must be >=0. For PERCENTAGE rate_type, this is a decimal fraction, e.g. use 0.1 for 10%; this must be >=0 and <=1.
- `pricing_group_values` (Map of String) if pricing groups are used, this will contain the values used to calculate the price
- `quantity` (Number) Default quantity. For SUBSCRIPTION rate_type, this must be >=0.
- `rate_type` (String) Available values: "FLAT", "PERCENTAGE", "SUBSCRIPTION", "CUSTOM", "TIERED".
- `tiers` (Attributes List) Only set for TIERED rate_type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--rate--tiers))
- `use_list_prices` (Boolean) Only set for PERCENTAGE rate_type. Defaults to false. If true, rate is computed using list prices rather than the standard rates for this product on the contract.

<a id="nestedatt--items--rate--credit_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.rate.credit_type`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--rate--tiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.rate.tiers`

Read-Only:

- `price` (Number)
- `size` (Number)
