---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "metronome_v1_alert Resource - metronome"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# metronome_v1_alert (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "metronome_v1_alert" "example_v1_alert" {
  alert_type = "low_credit_balance_reached"
  name = "name"
  threshold = 0
  billable_metric_id = "182bd5e5-6e1a-4fe4-a799-aa6d9a6ab26e"
  credit_grant_type_filters = ["string"]
  credit_type_id = "182bd5e5-6e1a-4fe4-a799-aa6d9a6ab26e"
  custom_field_filters = [{
    entity = "Contract"
    key = "key"
    value = "value"
  }]
  customer_id = "182bd5e5-6e1a-4fe4-a799-aa6d9a6ab26e"
  evaluate_on_create = true
  group_key_filter = {
    key = "key"
    value = "value"
  }
  invoice_types_filter = ["PLAN_ARREARS, SCHEDULED, USAGE, CORRECTION, CREDIT_PURCHASE, or SEAT_PURCHASE"]
  plan_id = "182bd5e5-6e1a-4fe4-a799-aa6d9a6ab26e"
  uniqueness_key = "x"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alert_type` (String) Type of the alert
Available values: "low_credit_balance_reached", "spend_threshold_reached", "monthly_invoice_total_spend_threshold_reached", "low_remaining_days_in_plan_reached", "low_remaining_credit_percentage_reached", "usage_threshold_reached", "low_remaining_days_for_commit_segment_reached", "low_remaining_commit_balance_reached", "low_remaining_commit_percentage_reached", "low_remaining_days_for_contract_credit_segment_reached", "low_remaining_contract_credit_balance_reached", "low_remaining_contract_credit_percentage_reached", "low_remaining_contract_credit_and_commit_balance_reached", "invoice_total_reached".
- `name` (String) Name of the alert
- `threshold` (Number) Threshold value of the alert policy.  Depending upon the alert type, this number may represent a financial amount, the days remaining, or a percentage reached.

### Optional

- `billable_metric_id` (String) For alerts of type `usage_threshold_reached`, specifies which billable metric to track the usage for.
- `credit_grant_type_filters` (List of String) An array of strings, representing a way to filter the credit grant this alert applies to, by looking at the credit_grant_type field on the credit grant. This field is only defined for CreditPercentage and CreditBalance alerts
- `credit_type_id` (String)
- `custom_field_filters` (Attributes List) A list of custom field filters for alert types that support advanced filtering. Only present for contract invoices. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_field_filters))
- `customer_id` (String) If provided, will create this alert for this specific customer. To create an alert for all customers, do not specify a `customer_id`.
- `evaluate_on_create` (Boolean) If true, the alert will evaluate immediately on customers that already meet the alert threshold. If false, it will only evaluate on future customers that trigger the alert threshold. Defaults to true.
- `group_key_filter` (Attributes) Scopes alert evaluation to a specific presentation group key on individual line items. Only present for spend alerts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group_key_filter))
- `invoice_types_filter` (List of String) Only supported for invoice_total_reached alerts. A list of invoice types to evaluate.
- `plan_id` (String) If provided, will create this alert for this specific plan. To create an alert for all customers, do not specify a `plan_id`.
- `uniqueness_key` (String) Prevents the creation of duplicates. If a request to create a record is made with a previously used uniqueness key, a new record will not be created and the request will fail with a 409 error.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--custom_field_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_field_filters`

Required:

- `entity` (String) Available values: "Contract", "Commit", "ContractCredit".
- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--group_key_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_key_filter`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
