---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "metronome_v1_customer_credit Resource - metronome"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# metronome_v1_customer_credit (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "metronome_v1_customer_credit" "example_v1_customer_credit" {
  access_schedule = {
    schedule_items = [{
      amount = 0
      ending_before = "2019-12-27T18:11:19.117Z"
      starting_at = "2019-12-27T18:11:19.117Z"
    }]
    credit_type_id = "182bd5e5-6e1a-4fe4-a799-aa6d9a6ab26e"
  }
  customer_id = "182bd5e5-6e1a-4fe4-a799-aa6d9a6ab26e"
  priority = 0
  product_id = "182bd5e5-6e1a-4fe4-a799-aa6d9a6ab26e"
  applicable_contract_ids = ["string"]
  applicable_product_ids = ["182bd5e5-6e1a-4fe4-a799-aa6d9a6ab26e"]
  applicable_product_tags = ["string"]
  custom_fields = {
    foo = "string"
  }
  description = "description"
  name = "x"
  netsuite_sales_order_id = "netsuite_sales_order_id"
  rate_type = "COMMIT_RATE"
  salesforce_opportunity_id = "salesforce_opportunity_id"
  specifiers = [{
    presentation_group_values = {
      foo = "string"
    }
    pricing_group_values = {
      foo = "string"
    }
    product_id = "182bd5e5-6e1a-4fe4-a799-aa6d9a6ab26e"
    product_tags = ["string"]
  }]
  uniqueness_key = "x"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_schedule` (Attributes) Schedule for distributing the credit to the customer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_schedule))
- `customer_id` (String)
- `priority` (Number) If multiple credits or commits are applicable, the one with the lower priority will apply first.
- `product_id` (String)

### Optional

- `applicable_contract_ids` (List of String) Which contract the credit applies to. If not provided, the credit applies to all contracts.
- `applicable_product_ids` (List of String) Which products the credit applies to. If both applicable_product_ids and applicable_product_tags are not provided, the credit applies to all products.
- `applicable_product_tags` (List of String) Which tags the credit applies to. If both applicable_product_ids and applicable_product_tags are not provided, the credit applies to all products.
- `custom_fields` (Map of String)
- `description` (String) Used only in UI/API. It is not exposed to end customers.
- `name` (String) displayed on invoices
- `netsuite_sales_order_id` (String) This field's availability is dependent on your client's configuration.
- `rate_type` (String) Available values: "COMMIT_RATE", "LIST_RATE".
- `salesforce_opportunity_id` (String) This field's availability is dependent on your client's configuration.
- `specifiers` (Attributes List) List of filters that determine what kind of customer usage draws down a commit or credit. A customer's usage needs to meet the condition of at least one of the specifiers to contribute to a commit's or credit's drawdown. This field cannot be used together with `applicable_product_ids` or `applicable_product_tags`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--specifiers))
- `uniqueness_key` (String) Prevents the creation of duplicates. If a request to create a commit or credit is made with a uniqueness key that was previously used to create a commit or credit, a new record will not be created and the request will fail with a 409 error.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--access_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_schedule`

Required:

- `schedule_items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_schedule--schedule_items))

Optional:

- `credit_type_id` (String) Defaults to USD (cents) if not passed

<a id="nestedatt--access_schedule--schedule_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_schedule.schedule_items`

Required:

- `amount` (Number)
- `ending_before` (String) RFC 3339 timestamp (exclusive)
- `starting_at` (String) RFC 3339 timestamp (inclusive)



<a id="nestedatt--specifiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `specifiers`

Optional:

- `presentation_group_values` (Map of String)
- `pricing_group_values` (Map of String)
- `product_id` (String) If provided, the specifier will only apply to the product with the specified ID.
- `product_tags` (List of String) If provided, the specifier will only apply to products with all the specified tags.


<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
