---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "metronome_v1_customer Resource - metronome"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# metronome_v1_customer (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "metronome_v1_customer" "example_v1_customer" {
  name = "name"
  billing_config = {
    billing_provider_customer_id = "billing_provider_customer_id"
    billing_provider_type = "aws_marketplace"
    aws_is_subscription_product = true
    aws_product_code = "aws_product_code"
    aws_region = "af-south-1"
    stripe_collection_method = "charge_automatically"
  }
  custom_fields = {
    foo = "string"
  }
  customer_billing_provider_configurations = [{
    billing_provider = "aws_marketplace"
    configuration = {
      "0" = "bar"
      "1" = "bar"
      "2" = "bar"
    }
    delivery_method = "direct_to_billing_provider"
    delivery_method_id = "182bd5e5-6e1a-4fe4-a799-aa6d9a6ab26e"
  }]
  external_id = "x"
  ingest_aliases = ["x"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) This will be truncated to 160 characters if the provided name is longer.

### Optional

- `billing_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--billing_config))
- `custom_fields` (Map of String)
- `customer_billing_provider_configurations` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customer_billing_provider_configurations))
- `customer_id` (String)
- `external_id` (String) (deprecated, use ingest_aliases instead) an alias that can be used to refer to this customer in usage events
- `ingest_aliases` (List of String) Aliases that can be used to refer to this customer in usage events

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--billing_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `billing_config`

Required:

- `billing_provider_customer_id` (String)
- `billing_provider_type` (String) Available values: "aws_marketplace", "stripe", "netsuite", "custom", "azure_marketplace", "quickbooks_online", "workday", "gcp_marketplace".

Optional:

- `aws_is_subscription_product` (Boolean) True if the aws_product_code is a SAAS subscription product, false otherwise.
- `aws_product_code` (String)
- `aws_region` (String) Available values: "af-south-1", "ap-east-1", "ap-northeast-1", "ap-northeast-2", "ap-northeast-3", "ap-south-1", "ap-southeast-1", "ap-southeast-2", "ca-central-1", "cn-north-1", "cn-northwest-1", "eu-central-1", "eu-north-1", "eu-south-1", "eu-west-1", "eu-west-2", "eu-west-3", "me-south-1", "sa-east-1", "us-east-1", "us-east-2", "us-gov-east-1", "us-gov-west-1", "us-west-1", "us-west-2".
- `stripe_collection_method` (String) Available values: "charge_automatically", "send_invoice".


<a id="nestedatt--customer_billing_provider_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customer_billing_provider_configurations`

Required:

- `billing_provider` (String) The billing provider set for this configuration.
Available values: "aws_marketplace", "azure_marketplace", "gcp_marketplace", "stripe", "netsuite".

Optional:

- `configuration` (Map of String) Configuration for the billing provider. The structure of this object is specific to the billing provider and delivery provider combination. Defaults to an empty object, however, for most billing provider + delivery method combinations, it will not be a valid configuration.
- `delivery_method` (String) The method to use for delivering invoices to this customer. If not provided, the `delivery_method_id` must be provided.
Available values: "direct_to_billing_provider", "aws_sqs", "tackle", "aws_sns".
- `delivery_method_id` (String) ID of the delivery method to use for this customer. If not provided, the `delivery_method` must be provided.


<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `archived_at` (String) RFC 3339 timestamp indicating when the customer was archived. Null if the customer is active.
- `created_at` (String) RFC 3339 timestamp indicating when the customer was created.
- `current_billable_status` (Attributes) This field's availability is dependent on your client's configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--current_billable_status))
- `custom_fields` (Map of String)
- `customer_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--customer_config))
- `external_id` (String) (deprecated, use ingest_aliases instead) the first ID (Metronome or ingest alias) that can be used in usage events
- `id` (String) the Metronome ID of the customer
- `ingest_aliases` (List of String) aliases for this customer that can be used instead of the Metronome customer ID in usage events
- `name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--data--current_billable_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.current_billable_status`

Read-Only:

- `effective_at` (String)
- `value` (String) Available values: "billable", "unbillable".


<a id="nestedatt--data--customer_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.customer_config`

Read-Only:

- `salesforce_account_id` (String) The Salesforce account ID for the customer
